Guest:
Can browse/search/view event details only.

Registered User:
Can choose interests, bookmark, register, get recommendations.

Organizer:
Can manage events, attendees, organizer dashboard.
Cannot register/bookmark events with the organizer account.

Admin:
Can moderate/manage platform.
Cannot register/bookmark events with the admin account.

for events page the cover image should already show as the cover or background of the card. for organizers event page, there should be a view or details for every events that brings us on the event and tell us all the details like the number of people who book marked and all the least info of the event that can help the organizer. 

there should be a feedback page for the users to be able to rate our app and also in the public page there should be the notification icon for the public users to see ntoifications that are for everybody, and also replace the mock there with the real data.

also the reset password needs still to be done for a production ready system and the login ui should be ameliorated so i dont have to scroll before pressing login.


when a user of any type creates his profile picture or avatar he should see it somewhere.

also fix the fact that when a user registers for an event and it gets cancelled and published back he should be able to cancel his registration. 

when we click logout, the sidebar goes after the public page appeared fix that too.


fix everywhere the code error is habdle showing queries like this in the project.

SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] No connection could be made because the target machine actively refused it (Connection: mysql, Host: 127.0.0.1, Port: 3306, Database: event_discovery_platform, SQL: select * from `users` where `email` = user@example.com limit 1)


ok the two next improvements of the app will be the location management with google map and the recommendation system for a for events with ai, those are the two major features to come but before that we need to make the event card better visually because we need to see the company(organizer name) and logo(if exist) on it and also a badge for verified organizers, also a page where u can search for an organizer and his particular events. 

Which money-flow model do you want for organizers?

Organizer wallet + on-demand payouts
Platform holds funds, tracks each organizer's balance; organizer requests a withdrawal, admin approves & sends. Best fit for your current single Campay account. RECOMMENDED.

Direct split at payment time
Campay sends the organizer's share straight to them per transaction (needs Campay split-payout support + verified payout details).

Scheduled auto-payouts
Like wallet, but payouts run automatically (weekly / X days after event) via Campay disbursement API.
Revise options or write your own...
Submit